Java: add gradle part (#4996)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/java/java-build.md

## Gradle

VS Code supports Gradle Java project (not including Android) via the [Gradle for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-gradle) extension. The extension provides a visual interface for your Gradle build, you can use this interface to view Gradle Tasks and Project dependencies, or run Gradle Tasks as VS Code Tasks. The extension also offers a better Gradle build file authoring experience including syntax highlighting, error reporting, and auto-completion.

### Working with Gradle tasks

When you open a Gradle project in VSCode, you can find some useful Gradle views by clicking the Gradle Side Bar item. `Gradle Projects` view lists all the Gradle projects found in the workspace. You can view, run or debug Gradle tasks here.

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-build/gradle-tasks.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

> When there are a lot of Gradle tasks in the workspace, it would be a little hard to find a specific task, the extension offers `Pinned Tasks` view to help you pin your favorite tasks so that you can easily find them in a separate view. You can also see the recently run tasks in the `Recent Tasks` view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are a lot of Gradle tasks in the workspace, it might be hard to find a specific task, the extension offers `Pinned Tasks` view to help you pin your favorite tasks so that you can easily find them in a separate view. You can also see recent executed tasks in the `Recent Tasks` view.
```

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-build/gradle-pinned-recent-tasks.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

> ### Viewing Gradle Dependencies

Reviewer: change case to what Greg suggested?

Viewing Gradle depeendencies

Author: Sure. I'll add a commit then.

> In the `Gradle Projects` view, you can find a `Dependencies` item under each Gradle project item. It includes all the dependencies in the specific configuration, you can easily check the dependency status of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Gradle Projects` view, you can find a `Dependencies` item under each Gradle project item. It includes all the dependencies in your specified configuration, you can easily check the dependency status of your project.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree

![Gradle Dependencies](images/java-build/gradle-dependencies.png)

### Managing Gradle Daemons

> The `Gradle Daemons` view shows the daemon status of the current workspace. It lists all the running Gradle daemons in the same version as the workspace. You can choose to stop a specific one or all the daemons in this view.

Reviewer: can we also restart or start a daemon?

Author: The Gradle daemon is started for some specific usages, e.g. connecting to the tooling API. So it would not make sense to start a daemon manually. If you stop the daemon which is started by the Gradle extension, it will automatically restart when we try to use some Gradle features.

Reviewer: makes sense

<video autoplay loop muted playsinline controls>
  <source src="/docs/java/java-build/gradle-daemons.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

> ### Authoring build files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authoring Build Files
```

Reviewer 3: The current convention is to use sentence casing for headers and titles so "Authoring build files" would be better. Upper case is reserved for the beginning of the header or title or proper names like "Gradle", "Maven", or "Java"

Reviewer: thanks for reminder Greg
